docs: add open-collective (#5216)
fastify/fastify: SPONSORS.md

# Sponsors

> Here are listed all the active sponsors of the project, in order of contribution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All active sponsors of Fastify are listed here, in order of contribution!
```
